[Music]
relax friend that every day brings his
own fans
[Music]
[Applause]
the word surrender does not exist in my
vocabulary
but let me tell you something
as here and your daughter are also going to
disappear
[Music]
there are hatreds that do not end with death
there are revenges that go beyond
you
now she is a free woman bruno if she
you are going to lead him and you go to
condemn you
I dont know
a coin is too little to decide
my future
[Music]
because what he says
some also with ways
what to expect
Wait here
wait I think the pattern but it will be
something
when I tell you that the iguana is green
it's because I have stepped on it
it happens true I am saying pattern and
you will say that I insist a lot with the
issue but is that if this is way of
position in which you help with the delivery
of such
because it can not happen to them
come here to tell you tomba
deliver them to collect the silver
he has forgiven me blanques to four months
that would give what it would give if it were theirs
if you went to them but
I always have an ace up my sleeve
[Music]
now